feat: support async handling and add CronJob status tracking (#894)
kelektiv/node-cron: README.md

- `unrefTimeout`: [OPTIONAL] - Useful for controlling event loop behavior. More details [here](https://nodejs.org/api/timers.html#timers_timeout_unref).

> - `waitForCompletion`: [OPTIONAL] - If `true`, the job will wait for the `onTick` function to complete before stopping. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is totally correct...the cron job itself (the thing keeping track of time) will not wait to stop if the callback is still executing, only any potential future callbacks, right? would a better be description be something like "If `true`, no additional instances of the `onTick` callback function will run unless the current `onTick` callback has completed."?

Author: ```suggestion
- `waitForCompletion`: [OPTIONAL] - If `true`, no additional instances of the `onTick` callback function will run until the current onTick callback has completed. Any new scheduled executions that occur while the current callback is running will be skipped entirely. Default is `false`.
```

> "만약 `true`, 현재 콜백이 완료될 때까지 콜백 함수의 추가 인스턴스는 `onTick`실행되지 않습니다 `onTick`."와 같은 설명이 더 나을까요?

Yes, your newly proposed explanation concisely conveys that new `onTick` callbacks won't execute until the current callback completes. 
However, it might not clearly communicate that scheduled callbacks are skipped rather than waiting. That's why I've added that point in the new suggestion.

- `addCallback`: Permits addition of `onTick` callbacks.

#### Properties

> - `isRunning`: [READ-ONLY] Indicates if a callback is currently executing. This is different from the `running` property which indicates if the cron schedule is active.

Reviewer: I'm thinking we should differentiate these more with more descriptive naming. we should probably maintain `job.running` for backwards compatibility (even though that property is not documented and technically not officially supported). something as simple as `job.isCallbackRunning` instead of `job.isRunning` should work.

Author: I agree. `job.running` and `job.isRunning` are definitely easy to confuse. Even if we change it to `job.isCallbackRunning`, we’ll still need documentation on how to use it.
